Uber Technologies, Inc. (UBER)
Q4 2025 Prepared Remarks
February 4, 2026

Dara Khosrowshahi, CEO
Uber accelerated into another record-breaking quarter in Q4, with strength across all of our key
operational and financial metrics. We are now operating at a 15 billion annual trip run-rate (40
million+ trips per day, +22% YoY), with 202 million monthly active users (+18% YoY), our largest and
most engaged customer base ever. Powered in part by improving strength in our U.S. business,
Gross Bookings grew 22% YoY, the second consecutive quarter of acceleration and coming in
above the high end of our guidance range. Looking at the full year, 2025 was our fifth
consecutive year of 20%+ annual Gross Bookings growth, driven primarily by audience expansion
and higher frequency. These healthy and consistent top-line trends, combined with continued
cost discipline, translated into record full-year results of $8.7 billion in Adjusted EBITDA (+35%
YoY) and $9.8 billion in free cash flow (+42% YoY).
Very few companies are able to generate this much growth at this scale, and we’re proud of the
execution and innovation that has gotten us to this point. Yet despite our size, we are still in the
early stages of customer acquisition, which continues to be the primary contributor to our growth.
In fact, we added more customers in Q4 than in any other quarter since the post-Covid recovery.
Customers joining our platform are using Uber more frequently, with positive trends across
cohorts, as they enjoy better reliability, lower-cost options, and wider selection. Further, as a
result of our focus on cross-platform engagement, 40% of Uber customers are now using multiple
products, driving frequency higher and building long-term loyalty. All of this demand growth was
matched by continued strong growth in supply, with 9.7 million monthly drivers and couriers (+19%
YoY), who took home more than $24 billion in the quarter, and over 1.3 million monthly merchants,
all at all-time highs.
We enter 2026 with substantial momentum, a scaled and profitable platform, and a clear
operating framework to continue driving durable growth. From this position of strength, we will
continue to make targeted growth investments, aligned with the six areas of strategic focus we
outlined last quarter.
Mobility
Our focus on affordability, product innovation, and service expansion drove steady 18-20% YoY
topline growth throughout 2025. Mobility Gross Bookings grew 19% YoY in Q4, reflecting strong
demand across regions. In the U.S., growth accelerated for the second consecutive quarter, and
EMEA continues to be a standout with ~30% YoY growth, driven by healthy category demand,
category-position gains, and geographic expansion. Mobility Adjusted EBITDA continued to grow

1

faster than both trips and Gross Bookings, demonstrating operating leverage as the business
continues to scale.
We see our Mobility strategy as a barbell, combining low-cost offerings on the one end, stable
UberX pricing in the middle, and higher-margin premium experiences on the other end. Airports
are a great example of this strategy in action: in the low-cost portfolio, Uber Shuttle has
expanded across all major New York airports, and we continue to expand UberX Share to airport
pickups as well. To broaden our reach in the middle, our Uber One members get better price and
service quality (with Surge Savings, highly-rated drivers, and more). We also recently launched
our first Uber Kiosk at LaGuardia Airport, letting travelers request a ride even if they don’t have
the Uber app. On the premium end, we have now expanded UberXXL for larger groups to more
than 200 airports, with additional plans to expand our super-premium offerings this year.
Despite already contributing 15% of Mobility Gross Bookings, airports remain an enormous
opportunity. Across our top airports, we estimate roughly 10% of travelers use Uber to get to or
from their flights. Our best-in-class airports—including in Rio de Janeiro, New York City, and
Mexico City—already range from 20% to 40% penetration, so we see significant opportunity
ahead.
We also continue to diversify our Mobility offerings beyond UberX, with non-UberX products now
representing ~35% of Mobility trips. We are seeing strong growth at both ends of the barbell, with
Uber Moto and Uber Black trips both up roughly 40% YoY in 2025. At the same time, UberX
growth also continued to accelerate in the U.S., with Q4 seeing the strongest UberX trip growth
in more than two years.
Looking ahead, continued improvements in marketplace health are supporting better per-trip
economics. New rider growth reached multi-year highs in 2025 and our new rider cohorts are
engaging more than prior cohorts, reinforcing the durability of demand and long-term lifetime
value. We expect U.S. trip and Gross Bookings growth to accelerate further in 2026, on the back
of a healthier pricing environment supported by lower insurance costs, strong supply dynamics,
and accelerating product innovation. Together, these factors leave us well positioned to deliver
another year of both healthy top-line growth and strong margin expansion.
Delivery
Delivery Gross Bookings further accelerated to 26% YoY, aided by a robust holiday season, and
surpassing a $100 billion annual run-rate for the first time. We’re seeing accelerating restaurant
delivery growth, strong membership adoption, and growing customer preference for our
expanding Grocery and Retail (G&R) products. Growth was broad-based, accelerating both in the
U.S. and internationally. EMEA was our fastest-growing Delivery region in 2025, and we
continued to extend our leading category position in the UK and France, while growing our
category positions in Germany and Spain. Globally, we estimate that our category position across
2

the vast majority of our top markets reached new highs, while we continued to generate strong
operating leverage.
Aligned with our areas of strategic focus, we see massive opportunities to attract new customers
and increase engagement. A key imperative is helping merchants grow by meeting their wide
range of needs—bringing them demand across delivery, pickup, and in-restaurant dining;
powering first-party, last-mile fulfillment through Uber Direct; or providing industry-leading tools
such as Offers, Ads, and more.
We continue to strategically invest in G&R, with YoY growth accelerating, led by strong retail
moments in the U.S. We had our biggest Black Friday ever, with U.S. Retail Gross Bookings up
~300% YoY over that weekend. Selection expansion remains a core priority: active storefronts
grew over 45% YoY, driven by the addition of marquee partners like Loblaws in Canada,
Biedronka in Poland, Seiyu in Japan, and a new multi-year exclusivity with Coles, Australia’s
largest grocer. We also welcomed several notable merchants in key retail categories like beauty
and personal care, pets, health, electronics, and home improvement, including Hibbett Sports,
Lush, and Pacsun in the U.S.
In Q4, we expanded our OpenTable partnership across the U.S., Canada, Mexico, the U.K., and
Ireland, letting customers make restaurant reservations directly in the Uber Eats app and receive
targeted ride offers. We also deepened merchant relationships through Uber Direct, including a
new integration with Shopify that allows merchants to embed one-hour, same-day, and scheduled
delivery directly into their checkout experiences.
On the product side, we’re reducing friction in everyday shopping through improvements to item
replacements and returns, including smarter defaults for low-stock categories, cached
replacement preferences, and the launch of courier pickup for easy returns. At the same time,
we’re leveraging deep catalog intelligence to further personalize item-first search, ranking, and
recommendations. With selection and product enhancements, we continue to drive even higher
trial and adoption, and remain focused on activating everyday shopping occasions for our
customer base.
Platform initiatives
Uber One continued its strong momentum, up 55% YoY to over 46 million members globally, with
growth across all regions. Uber One is already the largest membership program of its kind where
we operate, and we continue to see significant runway ahead. This quarter, we expanded the
program with Family Sharing, allowing members to extend benefits to another adult and their
teens at no additional cost. We are also leveraging our supply density to deliver ‘surprise’ vehicle
upgrades for our most loyal users (e.g. from UberX to Comfort or Comfort to Black). These
initiatives are driving improved retention and engagement, and more than 35% of Mobility Gross
Bookings in the U.S. are now coming from Uber One members, up significantly YoY.
3

Advertising also continued its strong forward momentum, generating well over $2 billion in
annualized revenue, up over 50% YoY. Notably, Delivery advertising as a percentage of Delivery
Gross Bookings crossed 2%, driven by continued strong adoption of Sponsored Listings and the
expansion of Sponsored Items. To deepen our value proposition, we partnered with LiveRamp to
launch advanced planning tools that allow brands to close the loop with data-driven audience
insights. We also introduced Journey Takeovers in the Uber (Mobility) app, unlocking premium,
multi-surface real estate that transforms Uber into a comprehensive full-funnel partner across the
tablet, app, and map interfaces.
Turning to generative AI, we’re piloting several first-party agents to improve the customer
experience and drive marketplace efficiency. This includes an AI Assistant for drivers and
couriers to help them plan their day and increase their earnings, as well as several
consumer-facing AI agents in both the Uber and Uber Eats apps, coming soon. We’re also
applying Gen AI to our core operations, where Merchant Reasoning Agents have reduced
false-positive store closures by more than 15%, and automated item-image enhancements are
increasing storefront conversion. Beyond our own products, we’re partnering with leading AI
platforms to expand discovery and reach new customers. We’ve launched integrations with
ChatGPT across Rides and Eats, allowing users to discover services and restaurants directly
within the LLM experience before completing checkout in Uber’s apps.
Autonomous vehicles (see supplemental slides for supporting details)
One year ago, we laid out our perspective on the future of autonomous vehicles (AVs) around the
world. We said that while AV technology was advancing quickly, we expected commercialization
to take much longer. This was because of what we called the ‘go-to-market puzzle.’ To deploy
widely, AVs will need a consistently super-human safety record and enabling regulations; a
cost-effective, scaled hardware platform; excellent on-the-ground operations; and a
high-utilization network that can manage variable demand with flexible supply.
Having learned from our AV deployments thus far, we are even more convinced that AVs will
unlock a multi-trillion dollar opportunity for Uber. Autonomy fundamentally amplifies the strengths
of our existing platform: global scale, deep demand density, sophisticated marketplace
technology, and decades of experience matching millions of trips in real time.
Even as we remain confident in our strategy, it is clear that investors continue to have questions
about how this technology will impact Uber. We know that progress will not be a straight line, and
the next few years will see the category evolve and mature. Yet we have enough insight today to
give us renewed confidence in our approach—and to address some misconceptions about what
an AV future means for our business.
Misconception #1: AV growth will be zero-sum.
4

Reality: AVs are likely to drive incremental growth for the entire category.
The history of ridesharing has always been supply-led. Our network benefits from every
incremental unit of supply added in a city. As supply increases, customers find more value
because rides become more affordable with faster ETAs. This fact alone gives us considerable
conviction that AVs (as a new form of supply) will expand—not shrink—our total addressable
market.
Early data supports this view. In Austin and Atlanta, where hundreds of AVs are operating on the
Uber network, our overall (AV and non-AV) trip growth has significantly accelerated. In fact, the
Austin and Atlanta AV operating zones are now among our fastest-growing areas in the U.S.
Encouragingly, the overall growth in these markets was driven by both an acceleration in new
riders trying Uber for the first time and higher frequency among existing riders. Importantly, even
as AV penetration has grown in both cities, the number of human drivers and their average
earnings per hour are both up YoY because of the hybrid-network approach.
At the same time, even in a city like San Francisco, where we don’t yet offer AV trips on Uber, the
addition of AV supply to the market has grown the category overall. Uber trips in SF accelerated
in 2025, and they are growing faster than the rest of the U.S. We are very bullish about the Bay
Area as we make progress toward our own AV deployments there within the next 12 months.
Misconception #2: Trends from San Francisco can be extrapolated elsewhere.
Reality: No two cities are alike, and going from proof of concept to mass scale will be far
more challenging.
San Francisco offers a unique environment for AV deployments, making it perhaps the perfect
city to showcase the technology for AV players in fundraising mode. SF benefits from a very
tech-forward demographic, high population density, higher incomes, shorter trips, mild weather,
and a more permissive AV regulatory environment. So it’s no surprise that multiple players—Nuro,
Tesla, Waymo, and Zoox, to name a few—are at varying stages of deploying AV services in the
Bay Area.
However, the rest of the U.S. (and the world) looks very different from San Francisco. Elsewhere,
we see more sprawling cities, a higher mix of long trips, lower average household incomes, and
residents and local stakeholders who are not tech-forward by default. The regulatory
environment outside of San Francisco looks quite different as well: it moves slower, is more
fragmented, and is more cautious—balancing public safety with innovation. Moving forward, we
expect to see evolving—and in some cases stricter—rules which will require extra development
and compliance efforts, impacting how quickly operators can scale. Safety incidents, like
collisions or unexpected behaviors, will also increase regulatory pressure and could lead to
mandates on software or safety practices.

5

The uniqueness of San Francisco is already clear from public reporting and spending data—even
within California itself. For example, the average number of trips an AV does per day in Los
Angeles is an estimated ~50% lower than in San Francisco. That’s despite the fact that average
AV prices in Los Angeles are ~20% lower than an equivalent UberX trip; on the other hand, San
Francisco AV trips are generally 15%+ more expensive. This gap in utilization is likely to prove
very costly for 1P AV services as they scale across multiple cities in the coming years. And as
more players deploy in SF, we expect the novelty of AVs to wane, with them becoming more
familiar and routine. This bodes well for hybrid 3P deployments that can deliver the lowest cost
and fastest ETAs to customers, while maximizing vehicle utilization.
It is important to note that even in San Francisco, 1P AV services are already leaving a lot of
demand on the table during peak hours, with average ETAs that are at least 25% higher than
Uber as of Q4. At the same time, we are observing that during the leaner hours, these vehicles
are starving for demand and underutilized, and—unsurprisingly—promotional spend has steadily
increased through the year. Uber’s reliability continues to be the most attractive by far throughout
the week, particularly during peak demand periods. Over time, we have learned that
reliability—when combined with competitive pricing—is the single best determinant of
marketplace health and long-term customer satisfaction.
Misconception #3: AV providers can achieve high vehicle utilization on their own at scale.
Reality: A fixed-supply network cannot match the utilization of a hybrid-supply network.
Building an AV is not the same as building a global mobility marketplace. Rideshare demand is
highly variable, even within a given week. In Austin, for instance, demand on a typical Monday is
~45% of a Saturday, while daily demand troughs are just ~5% of intra-week peaks. This variability
is further compounded by seasonal patterns in demand, as well as spikes around special events.
That is why we are confident that a hybrid network—human drivers and AVs—will deliver the
highest asset efficiency and revenue-generation opportunity for Uber and its partners.
That is precisely what we are seeing in Austin and Atlanta. There, we estimate that we are
delivering average trips per vehicle per day (TpVD) around 30% higher than in other major AV
markets. Compared to Los Angeles, our hybrid network is delivering more than twice the TpVD.
These trends have been remarkably stable despite daily demand variation, even as we’ve
continued to scale up the number of vehicles and the size of the AV operating areas in Austin
and Atlanta. Over time, we expect to deliver an even greater lift to our AV partners, when we
offer customers the ability to book an AV directly on our product selector.
Customers are also benefiting from a hybrid network, with average AV ETAs in Austin and Atlanta
an estimated ~25% lower than those observed in other major AV markets. We are also selectively
building capabilities in value-add areas of the AV stack, including fleet management, charging

6

infrastructure, financing, data collection, remote assistance, and insurance. We will have more to
share on those fronts soon.
Misconception #4: AVs will only need to scale in a few U.S. cities to capture most ridesharing
category profits.
Reality: Our profit pools are diverse, and a large portion of U.S. trips (and profits) will be
unaddressable by AVs for the foreseeable future.
An often-repeated myth is that the vast majority of U.S. trips and profits are concentrated in the
top cities. In reality, the U.S. is a very large and diverse market. Trips happening within our top 20
cities1 represent only 30% of our U.S. Gross Bookings and just 25% of our profits.
The truth is that the U.S. market comprises a long tail of thousands of cities, suburbs, towns, and
rural areas with significant diversity in market characteristics and regulatory requirements. Over
the last 15 years, we have sharpened and enhanced our ability to service these areas outside of
our top 20 cities. The results speak for themselves: these areas are now growing faster and profit
margins are already higher today. Said differently, even as AVs proliferate in dense urban areas
over the next 5-10 years, we expect to serve a much wider and ever-expanding set of towns and
suburbs, primarily with human drivers. Around 40% of our U.S. riders take trips outside of their
home city, which means they expect us to be ever-present and able to get them on their way.
Importantly, even within our top 20 cities, many—including New York City, Boston, and
Chicago—do not have permissive regulatory frameworks, and policy reform is likely to take
several more years, at minimum. New York City, the largest ridesharing market in the world,
accounts for over 10% of our U.S. trips, and is also one of the most tightly regulated, with multiple
key regulatory and licensing steps standing between testing today and full commercial service in
the future.
Misconception #5: AVs will soon be able to perform all trips.
Reality: AVs still need to resolve a lot of edge cases to be reliably available in all conditions.
Despite the incredible progress AVs are making around the world, and the enormous potential
they hold, they are still far from capable of meeting the level of reliability and ubiquity that
customers and cities expect.
Worryingly, we have seen ‘AV deserts’ pop up, where AV operators do not serve (or have even
yet to map) less affluent areas, like Oakland and parts of the East Bay. Those shortcomings only
serve to reinforce the value of a hybrid network. For instance, in New York City, 75% of Uber trips
start or end in the outer boroughs—and more than half of trips don’t enter Manhattan at all.
1

U.S. cities based on city limits as defined by U.S. Census Bureau.

7

We have also seen recent infrastructure and weather disruptions ground AV fleets for multiple
days across multiple cities. In every case, the human drivers on our network kept cities moving.
When San Francisco was paralyzed during the PG&E blackout just before Christmas, Uber’s
network was quickly able to surge supply to meet demand and rescue stranded customers.
During last week’s winter storms, we were able to seamlessly remove AVs from our network in
Austin, Atlanta, and Dallas at the request of our partners, without any noticeable impact on the
customer experience. That is another advantage of deploying on a hybrid network: we can
manage the inevitable fits and starts in AV operations, without diluting the overall customer
experience.
Summary
As we have said many times before, we have barely scratched the surface of the AV opportunity,
with AV trips (on or off Uber’s platform) globally accounting for just 0.1% of global rideshare trips.
Given our growth at scale, autonomous vehicles are likely to remain a very small portion of the
rideshare category for many years to come. As a point of comparison, our Mobility business is
currently adding ~50x the total global AV category volume.
That said, we expect this penetration to rise exponentially over the next decade as our OEM
partners scale production. We are particularly excited to see a number of players making
significant progress in this space, including Nuro and Lucid, and our recently revealed
production-design vehicle, which is already testing on-road; Waabi, which last week announced
they will expand their focus from autonomous trucking to ridehailing, with a goal to put 25,000
robotaxis exclusively on Uber; and NVIDIA, which unveiled their Alpamayo family of open-source
AI models designed to accelerate AV development across a long and growing list of joint
partners. We will have much more to announce with existing and new partners in the coming
months.
Transportation is too important of a category to be ‘winner-take-all’ (or even ‘winner-take-most’),
and healthy competition will lead to better experiences for customers. We continue to make
strategic investments into the ecosystem that will ensure riders have a variety of safe, affordable,
and reliable options to choose from. By the end of 2026, we expect to be facilitating AV trips in
as many as 15 cities globally, with a roughly even split of U.S. and international cities. And by
2029, we intend to be the largest facilitator of AV trips in the world.
AVs will change how trips are supplied, but not how demand is aggregated. History suggests that
over time as supply fragments and technology commoditizes, the platform that can bring the
highest utilization to assets, and superior reliability to customers, will capture a large share of
value. That is the role Uber is set up to play.

Prashanth Mahendra-Rajah, CFO
8

Financial recap
We delivered a strong close to a record year, with $193 billion of Gross Bookings, $52 billion in
revenue, and $8.7 billion in Adjusted EBITDA. Q4 Gross Bookings were up 22% YoY to $54.1
billion, representing our strongest growth rate in nearly three years. We saw upside across both
Mobility and Delivery relative to our expectations. Freight Gross Bookings were flattish. The US
dollar continued to weaken against most foreign currencies in Q4, resulting in slight foreign
exchange YoY tailwinds to both our Mobility and Delivery businesses, in-line with our
expectations. Revenue increased 19% YoY to $14.4 billion.
Our top-line strength helped drive Adjusted EBITDA growth of 35% YoY on a reported basis to a
record $2.5 billion, resulting in an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 4.6% of Gross Bookings (up 40 bps
YoY). Our Freight business achieved breakeven Adjusted EBITDA for the first time in over three
years despite a continued challenging operating backdrop. Non-GAAP Operating Income and
Non-GAAP Net Income grew 46% YoY and 25% YoY on a reported basis to $1.9 billion and $1.5
billion, respectively. On a GAAP basis, we generated income from operations of $1.8 billion, up
130% YoY on a reported basis, driven by strong operating performance and fewer discrete legal
and regulatory related matters. Net income for the quarter was $296 million, which included a
$1.6 billion net pre-tax headwind from revaluations of our equity investments. Our GAAP net
income may continue to see swings from quarter-to-quarter due to equity stakes on our balance
sheet.
Turning to our cash flow, on a trailing twelve month basis, we generated a record $9.8 billion of
free cash flow (FCF), representing a 112% conversion of Adjusted EBITDA. Our strong underlying
FCF generation demonstrates the significant earnings power of our business. As a reminder, FCF
conversion can fluctuate on a quarterly basis due to working capital seasonality and the timing of
cash payments, among other factors, and we encourage investors to evaluate our FCF on an
annual basis. We repurchased a record $1.9 billion of common stock in Q4, helping to drive a 2%
YoY reduction in diluted share count. This exhausted our inaugural $7 billion share repurchase
program faster than expected. We expect to continue to be active and opportunistic buyers of
our stock under our additional $20 billion share repurchase program announced in August 2025,
demonstrating our commitment to consistently return cash to shareholders.

Balaji Krishnamurthy, Incoming CFO
Capital allocation priorities
We continue to maintain strong liquidity, ending the quarter with $7.6 billion in unrestricted cash,
cash equivalents, and short-term investments. In addition, our equity stakes were marked at $9.2
billion, the majority of which are publicly listed. We plan to opportunistically monetize our equity
stakes over time, providing additional liquidity to support our capital allocation priorities.
9

Our capital allocation priorities are as follows:
1.​ Disciplined reinvestment in future growth. Our goal is to maximize long-term profit
generation. We are entering 2026 in the enviable position of being able to invest in
multiple products and markets to sustain our strong growth at scale. We will invest to
capture these opportunities, with a particular focus on technology and customer
acquisition investments. We will continue to do so in a disciplined manner to deliver
operating leverage, and with a rigorous focus on our customer cohorts and lifetime value
to customer acquisition cost (LTV/CAC) ratios. Even as we make these investments, we
are generating significant free cash flow—nearly $10 billion in the trailing 12 months, up
over 40% YoY—allowing us to focus on several additional priorities.
2.​ Invest appropriately to advance our AV strategy. Our goal over the coming years is for
Uber’s network to facilitate the world’s largest AV deployment. We are seeing the
opportunity space improve over time, and as such expect to invest along three core
pillars. First, we will support our AV software partners, with capital as well as Uber’s data
and platform capabilities. Second, we will support our OEM partners as they scale out
their nascent AV production capacities. These investments may take the form of equity or
vehicle offtake commitments. In the long term, we intend to remain asset-light and believe
the ownership of AVs will become financialized over time; however, in the initial years of
AV deployment, we may purchase some vehicles directly to shape the category and
improve our speed to market. Third, we will support our AV infrastructure partners as they
enter this space to support our deployments. In parallel, we are actively working on
third-party financing partnerships, which will amplify our investments across all three
pillars.
3.​ Selective M&A to augment our organic efforts. We may selectively evaluate acquisition
opportunities that are aligned with our strategy. We continue to hold a high bar for any
M&A opportunities, and we are likely to be biased towards bolt-on opportunities that
accelerate our organic efforts.
4.​ Return excess capital to shareholders. We expect to steadily repurchase our stock
through our existing repurchase authorization, and during stock dislocations we may look
to be opportunistic and aggressive buyers to maximize long-term value. We remain on
track to steadily reduce our share count.
5.​ Maintain a solid investment grade rating. We plan to maintain financial policies and
ample liquidity consistent with a solid investment grade rating to support our expanding
marketplace and improve our cash efficiency over time.
Outlook
Before turning to the outlook for Q1, it is important to call out the following changes to our
financial reporting.

10

UK business model change: Beginning in January 2026, following a UK tax law ruling, we
transitioned from a merchant model to an agency model outside of London. As a result of this
shift, driver payments will be reclassified from cost of revenue to contra-revenue, which will
reduce reported revenue and revenue margin. There is no change to our merchant business
model in London. We expect Q1 2026 and full-year 2026 Mobility revenue margin to be
approximately 350 basis points lower, driven solely by this accounting reclassification. As a
reminder, there is no impact on profitability from this change.
New Non-GAAP disclosures (see Form 8-K for additional information): As previewed last
quarter, to provide investors with a financial lens that is closer to the recurring operating
economics of the company, we are making two changes. First, beginning with our Q1 earnings
release, we will shift from reporting Adjusted EBITDA to Non-GAAP Operating Income, both at the
total company and segment level, which now includes the impacts of SBC, depreciation, and
non-M&A amortization. Second, starting with our Q1 guidance provided below, we are replacing
our quarterly Adjusted EBITDA guidance with quarterly Non-GAAP EPS guidance. Absent any
changes to our tax landscape, we expect our full-year 2026 Non-GAAP ETR to be 22-25%. Our
ETR reflects our business with operations across 70+ countries, which results in a tax profile
comparable to large US multinationals with significant global operating presence. Over the next
few years, we expect our cash tax rate to be in the range of 10-15% as we are able to use
historical tax losses and other historical tax assets.
Based on quarter-to-date trends:
●​ We expect Q1 Gross Bookings of $52.0-53.5 billion, representing growth of 17% to 21%
YoY on a constant-currency basis.
○​ Our outlook assumes a roughly 4 percentage-point currency tailwind to total
reported YoY growth. Based on current exchange rates, we expect this tailwind to
moderate as the year progresses.
●​ We expect Q1 Non-GAAP EPS of $0.65-0.72, representing growth of 37% YoY at the
midpoint.
○​ Our outlook translates to Adjusted EBITDA of $2.37-2.47 billion. We are providing
this comparison for Q1 to help investors navigate the transition to our new
Non-GAAP disclosures.
We are now two years into the three-year outlook that we presented at our 2024 Investor Update
to help investors measure our performance. I am pleased to report that we continue to deliver
against our commitments on all three items (Gross Bookings, Adjusted EBITDA, and Free Cash
Flow). Based on our momentum entering 2026 and the team’s strong execution, we firmly expect
to once again meet our commitments in the final year of our outlook.

11

Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer
These prepared remarks include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Additional
disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including a reconciliation of GAAP to
non-GAAP measures, are included in the press release, supplemental slides and our filings with
the SEC, each of which is posted to investor.uber.com.
Certain statements in this presentation and on this call are forward-looking statements. You
should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ
materially from these forward-looking statements, and we do not undertake any obligation to
update any forward-looking statements we make today, except as required by law.
For more information about factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from
forward-looking statements, please refer to the press release we issued today and in other filings
made with the SEC.
All growth rates reflect YoY growth and are on a constant-currency basis, unless otherwise noted.
Lastly, we ask you to review our earnings press release for a detailed Q4 financial review and our
Q4 supplemental slides deck for additional disclosures that provide context on recent business
performance.

12

